Fix typos and grammar errors across documentation (#144709)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pickle.rst

* classes accessible from the top level of a module;

> * instances of such classes whose result of calling :meth:`~object.__getstate__`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* instances of such classes for which the result of calling :meth:`~object.__getstate__`
```
